Christina 07 am
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, Chris.
Christina Haro: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you swing by virtual clinic. I didn't see a little note yet.
Christina Haro: Yeah, I just walked by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Let me see, let me see, I just want to have them tell me I'm usually say to your clients here.
Um,
Christina Haro: They actually took a while. That's why I was a little late. I was under waiting and waiting
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, maybe there's a group this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Made it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so how am I finding you this morning.
Christina Haro: I'm pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no complaints.
Christina Haro: About today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. We get into a note here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, let's see, last time we did a little bit of the
Gwenevere Abriel: EMT our work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, counted. We end self reflection felt good. No leftover
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, you put a container crews you reach out to therapist. He had any interest of thoughts. Did you have any nightmares. Did you have a depletion of energy. Did anything come in come up for you.
Christina Haro: No, actually. No, I haven't had any nightmares that been sleeping. Good. Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Christina Haro: A lot better than I was before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you attribute that to
Christina Haro: Um, I guess I haven't had a lot of my mind. I've been, um, I don't know, I think, keeping busy. You know, I
Christina Haro: I have
Christina Haro: You go, I'm not working, but I do go visit. I used to be. I used to be a caregiver for the elderly. So I have this one man that I used to take care of his wife.
Christina Haro: And she passed away two years ago, but I still go visit him here regularly because he doesn't have any kids. And he lives alone. So I go take care of them once in a while.
Christina Haro: So I've been keeping busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see
Gwenevere Abriel: How the dynamics in the home.
Christina Haro: A good
Christina Haro: everybody's working that's quiet. I mean,
Christina Haro: Everybody seems to be happy.
Christina Haro: just haven't had anything. Go on. It's been a there was a quiet week
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many milligrams of Suboxone are you
Christina Haro: I am well I'm on the 2.5 million a day. So what is that
Gwenevere Abriel: 16 1718 1920 Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Um, so let's talk a little bit about what you've gained as far as
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe either increase confidence or
Gwenevere Abriel: coping skills, things that, you know, maybe you can start to consider. Alright, if I'm beginning a taper protocol.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I can go do when you know hey I'm starting to have a big emotional reaction or something's coming up on my body feel stressed, you know, let's talk a little bit about what you have in place as you go through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just take a peek of what your overall goal is here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You identified. I want to be drug free. I want to be happy and not bring baggage want to feel normal and work and not depend on drugs. Okay, so let's poke around in there a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, I, I've been listening to last week I think share that you were starting to get out and put out some feelers for a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me more about that.
Christina Haro: Um, I've applied for LA. I've been doing a lot of like internet searching Craigslist.
Christina Haro: All those online stuff and then I've, I've actually last week that had interviews that wasn't happy with.
Christina Haro: And then I actually applied for a temp job for Wednesday and Thursday at this hotel, which is a little out of town.
Christina Haro: Will keep me busy probably most of the two days, so I'm looking forward to that. I'm hoping they call me. Okay. Um, yeah, I've been doing a little bit more of 13 job.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I added that as a goal. I want a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I just added that one. And then I can kind of have this year we keep reviewing it. So what are you doing, um, do you have like a
Gwenevere Abriel: A minimum number of resumes, you're doing minimum number of calls like, did you have a plan for today. I'm what to do with that.
Christina Haro: I today. No, I decided that today. I wasn't going to search for a job because actually
Christina Haro: At noon. I'm going to go up, does it. My, my. The, the man that I take care of. So I'm going to go spend most of the day with him. So today's gonna be just go help him because he called me yesterday I think will help them. So it's going to keep me busy today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is he paying you for this.
Christina Haro: No, no, I just do it out of my heart.
Christina Haro: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me his condition again.
Christina Haro: I'm nice
Christina Haro: To take care of his wife.
Christina Haro: And then she passed away two years ago. So he stayed alone so I you know I still visit him once in a while and then whenever he really needs anything he calls me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but what why does he need help.
Christina Haro: Um, he's he's he's really old. He's I'm disabled. It doesn't really walk much he's 85 years old. So does that better his legs are really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's just set
Gwenevere Abriel: Set some tasks associated with with I want a job. So typically what people do when they're starving. You had already started was they'll say, all right, I want to submit
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, a minimum of, you know, three applications, a day or, you know, something like that, or my my challenges is follow up calls
Gwenevere Abriel: Three out of five days a week or something. So let's just take maybe where you're already are. And and kind of see where you need to improve, I don't know, let's let's set a goal for this. What, what do you think you need to do more of
Christina Haro: Well, um, last week was really a busy week because every day. My God, online and I had a couple of interviews last week. So every day, I looked at
Christina Haro: Applications. I had every put in to see if anybody has called me, and I would put in, like, every day I will put in another application.
Christina Haro: And then I've actually gone out and submitted applications I submitted application at a up because I used to be a cashier, a while back. So I actually hadn't submitted a few applications here locally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I, I
Christina Haro: Had been doing about three a day. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, I will refuse submitted applications daily and submit at least three
Gwenevere Abriel: Three applications. How many days a week. Will you do that.
Christina Haro: I say about probably four days out of the week. Okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and just to explore a little bit your, your, sort of spirituality. How it helps you in your recovery process. How do you sort of knew that
Christina Haro: Um, I do go to church on weekends. On Sunday, I go to church. So, you know,
Christina Haro: I do, I do do a lot of praying night. Talk to God I you know
Christina Haro: I really
Christina Haro: Do my own little thing during the week.
Christina Haro: But other than that, you know, I'm not too much into
Christina Haro: Um, I'm not too much into the religion. I was raised with so I just tried to do my own, you know,
Christina Haro: write my own thing at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is it connected for you to the recovery.
Christina Haro: Um, I think that the whole thing with me being able to, you know, just kind of sit there and, you know, um,
Christina Haro: I don't say talk to myself. But, you know, kind of, you know, ask God to help me, you know, and I think it makes me feel better when they have that little discussion on my own, or that little private moment it it does help me. It gives me some some guidance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or their periods of your life where you weren't doing this.
Christina Haro: Um, yeah.
Christina Haro: There was there. Yeah, you know, my mom is Catholic. So my mom went to Catholic school when she was young so all of us went, you know, to the did the Catholic thing and I bought I
Christina Haro: When I first moved here, which was 12 years ago I was really involved with the church stuff.
Christina Haro: And then as time went by and my relationship with down the drain and things just started going downhill. I kind of just did not even go to church.
Christina Haro: So I say I I think about maybe the last six months. I started going back to church and and it's not because it's the whole you know at my kids asked me, they don't go to church, but my kids tell me what why even bother going if you're not
Christina Haro: You don't consider yourself you know Catholic. And I said, I go for myself. I don't go because it's the whole Catholic thing you like
Christina Haro: The feeling I get, you know, I do it for myself. You know, I
Christina Haro: So just recently I've gotten a little bit more into, you know,
Christina Haro: Going to church and, you know, doing my own little spiritual thing here, and it makes me feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. You know, just hearing that positive
Gwenevere Abriel: Sermons and hearing you know being around people that are really trying to have that connection can feel spiritual even though maybe the name of it isn't something you identify with anymore. I mean, it makes sense to me. Certainly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see what else we got here scrunched down. Um, I want to feel normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an interesting thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you noticed that you have felt glimpses of normal. Do you even know what normal is for you, like, Tell me about what normal is
Christina Haro: I think that to me normal was, um,
Christina Haro: To me normal was
Christina Haro: Me being a part of, you know, the family doing things with the kids, even if they were a little older, I still felt really connected to them. And, you know, we could do things as a family. But I think as
Christina Haro: I tell you, my last relationship with down the drain. You know, my kids got older, I started having problems with the girls with the boys, whatever, you know, we're not
Christina Haro: Everything just went down the drain and I just didn't select myself anymore. I didn't feel like I was part of the family. I didn't feel like I wasn't mother. I didn't feel like me and you weren't
Christina Haro: Especially these last few years where everything got worse and I started doing more of the bad stuff. I just realized
Christina Haro: I wasn't even myself anymore. I didn't feel like myself.
Christina Haro: And now I think lady.
Christina Haro: In all these discussions and the group stuff and just being in this thing and then listening to other people. I'm starting to to realize, Hey, you know,
Christina Haro: I wasn't me. You know, it's like all that that I look back at this this era of time for I went down down hill and it's like, I can't even remember what I did.
Christina Haro: It's weird. It's weird, but now I'm starting to you know get back and start to do things look for a job and I'm starting to feel like me, I'm starting to feel like
Christina Haro: I'm back in my body. I'm, you know,
Christina Haro: Normal things for myself.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: The dynamics, you've mentioned your daughter's in this program to
Gwenevere Abriel: When she explains to your maybe she hasn't how that came about why she went that direction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it have anything to do with sort of her upbringing. What, what sort of the story behind that.
Christina Haro: No, we have thought the bye bye tell you we just don't talk about the program we've talked about stuff, but she just she doesn't really, I think, I think, with her is because she had a really bad first relationship and it really went downhill really really like quick
Christina Haro: And it just
Christina Haro: She just I think she just got into a dark place.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you think, are you guys um neighbors living far away living together. What's the deal there.
Christina Haro: She lives down the street, which she was probably about like seven houses down the street. Yeah. So we're pretty close. I mean, me and her have always been close always
Christina Haro: Even the kids on my other kids to tell me that. Oh, she's your favorite. She's your favorite. But no, I didn't know what are we just been we've always had a close relationship.
Christina Haro: You know, she can call me anytime and she knows. I'll be there for her and you know she does the same thing for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does she had to say about your, your substance use.
Christina Haro: She um
Christina Haro: I was the one that found this book. First, you know, and I signed up and stuff. And then I told her about it as a suggestion. Because I think when she's ready to do something, she'll do it and then
Christina Haro: When I got into this stuff. I got into the stupid stuff and then and then she did a while later, she actually told me, hey I signed up.
Christina Haro: And I said, oh really, you know, so then we had a discussion about it and then we didn't talk about it anymore. But she seems to seems like it. She seems to be doing good.
Christina Haro: I'm happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, where's your last truck screen.
Christina Haro: Oh, they just sent it in. I got, I got a
Christina Haro: I got an email that they sent they sent me one I should be getting any that probably tomorrow.
Christina Haro: I haven't had one yet.
Christina Haro: I did the initial
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were in group and you were talking about that there are still some things that you still feel some
Gwenevere Abriel: shame about that you're having letting hard time letting go of or is this still this area that really not comfortable talking with family about
Christina Haro: It. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're fun
Christina Haro: I remember. Remember, yeah. Well, this is something that they, you know, there's things that they asked me, you know, from the paths that you know there's things sometimes a can't
Christina Haro: fully answer. You know, sometimes, you know, you just don't want your kids to hear a lot of stuff.
Christina Haro: I just don't
Christina Haro: You know, and, and we're talking about the guilt and the shame. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what would happen if you shared a little bit with me. What do you think might happen to that shame. Do you think it would increase
Gwenevere Abriel: Resolve if you shared it, because remember with shame if you share it, it starts to go away. So what would happen if you shared it with me. What do you think might happen.
Christina Haro: I just some
Christina Haro: There's things I, you know, I'd like to say, but no, not yet.
Christina Haro: But I will share it with but I'm not ready do
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you think that's because a negative consequences will happen or you think that I will judge you.
Christina Haro: I know I just
Christina Haro: Not
Christina Haro: You know,
Christina Haro: Maybe later in time. I just don't. Duh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's the plan, but I'm asking you to see if you're
Christina Haro: Yeah, probably. I'll probably do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's the plan. But what I'm asking you to do is to look inside and understand why.
Christina Haro: Why I don't want to share it yet, or why I wouldn't share it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've already got a plan together where that's you've already got a plan. But I'm checking to see if you know why. So I put I gave two ideas and if it isn't, those two, maybe it's something else you've already got a plan in place.
Christina Haro: No, I don't think there's no negative consequences. You know, I just
Christina Haro: You know, I just got to think about, you know, there's, there's a lot of things like when we were talking about it cross my mind when we're talking about all that.
Christina Haro: And there's just things. I started to remember during that time when we're talking about it and group and then there's things. I started thinking, wow, you know, I haven't thought about those things in a while.
Christina Haro: So I think slowly publicly in time. I probably start sharing stuff, you know. No, I don't. I don't think there's a problem with me sharing stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so no you that again. You've restated the plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm asking.
Christina Haro: I don't think you would get to me. That's why I'm here. I don't, I don't think you would judge me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no negative consequences and no judgments. So let's look look look in there. Again, try and see
Gwenevere Abriel: What would the reason is, you wouldn't we already know the plan is LATER. LATER. LATER. We already know it's I'm not afraid of a negative consequence, we already know it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: That you'll be judged trying to see what you're worried will happen just see that a little longer. Don't rush into the answer. Just take your time you've already ruled out to
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not afraid of a negative consequence and you're not afraid of judgment. Those are pretty big ones typically why they don't want to say it out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just go inside. Nice and quiet and easy and just kind of go inside yourself and say, just try on the idea I'm concerned that such and such will happen just sort of go in there and see what might be coming up for you.
Christina Haro: I'm not really know I'm not really concerned about anything happening, and to some other tell you and maybe
Christina Haro: I feel I probably feel a little embarrassed and ashamed. I'm not saying I'm you know I'm shameful of stuff. No, because I think that when I'm ready to share it. I probably be a little embarrassed and stuff.
Christina Haro: I'm not worried about
Christina Haro: Not you judging me I'd be worried about my kids judging me you know that's why there's a lot of things I don't say to them, okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay there for a minute on these things that you predict
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be embarrassing with a witness. You don't want your kids to be aware of things that you did or didn't do. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I'm wondering is, let's take hold one in your in your in your awareness just picture, okay. I did this behavior, boy, I sure don't want them to know this. What are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: That where you're holding yourself accountable, because that's where guilt. That's where a healthy accountability is. So what are you actually doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's consistent with your belief system.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where maybe you what caused the feeling of potential embarrassment is I acted outside of my belief system, but now you're acting in your belief system. What are you actually doing that evidences you're holding yourself accountable. What are you doing,
Christina Haro: Well, to me, I feel like I'm protecting them from a lot of stuff.
Christina Haro: I protecting them from looking at the moment, saying, whoa, Mom, you know,
Christina Haro: That's, you know, that's really messed up or, oh, or, you know, that's how I feel. I don't know. I mean, that's, that's how I see things, but I don't think I'd be too. I'd be embarrassed calling you, but I don't think they'd be
Christina Haro: Right now you
Christina Haro: I don't think it's the guilt or anything. I don't
Christina Haro: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So typically, you and I have a pretty pretty smooth process. I think something's happening. I think think something's getting getting kind of blocked in here somewhere. Because I've noticed that, um,
Christina Haro: You know, um, let me tell you that the things I'm talking about are not things like things that happened like recently in this time where I, you know,
Christina Haro: I was all messed up the things in the past house that I haven't told them, and there's not more recent stuff. No.
Christina Haro: There's just stuff in there that I have not shared with them. That's what I'm talking about. But it's not anything like recent you know it's things from the past that up. They've asked me questions, and I'm like, No, you know, other stuff like
Christina Haro: You know, pretending to my addiction. I've shared most of everything with them.
Christina Haro: Things in my past that I don't talk about
Christina Haro: Yeah, but it's not anything like recent
Christina Haro: Them. And I'm like, yeah, no, you know, and like
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you therapist only cares about recent stuff.
I know
Christina Haro: We talked about since I was a little girl, you know, I'm
Christina Haro: Not it's not it's not anything, um,
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What what I asked you was to take a look at what you deem as embarrassing and see if whatever that is. You either behaved in a particular way or fail to behave in a particular way. Let's just say since you won't tell me right now.
Christina Haro: I'd be a particular way, it would look at me and say, Oh, Mom, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. So just know what you said in here just now. And I said, what, what is it doing, you know, what are you doing differently and your answer to me was, I'm protecting that so stay there a little longer, and see. So if I if he if you were to tell them what you had done.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is that keeping them safe.
Christina Haro: I'm not kidding, it's not. I'm not. You know, it's not anything to keep them safe. I just wouldn't like them to look at me like, say, Oh, Mom, you know,
Christina Haro: You did that you know yeah that case.
Christina Haro: I'm uh yeah I I'm ashamed of my kids looking at me like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, see,
Christina Haro: But I wouldn't be I wouldn't be ashamed of telling you you understand there's a difference. I can't. I couldn't, I couldn't be able to say things to them because I'm ashamed of them.
Christina Haro: looking at me like that. But I wouldn't be a shame to tell you because you're much better than you know we've shared other things, and probably in time I'll probably end up telling you, it wouldn't bother to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: So how are you feeling right now. Let's check in with yourself, because I've been pressing pretty hard, you're on an issue. How you doing,
Good.
Christina Haro: Things are, you know, and there's enlightened telling you. Again, when we talked about that guilt and shame. It was something I hadn't thought about in a long time.
Christina Haro: It just happened to pop into my mind when that question came up, and there's something that whoa I remembered, you know, and that's why I brought that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when I talked about the value of shame. Do what do you recall from that discussion and group, what's the value of it.
Christina Haro: The value of shame.
Christina Haro: And I look at my notes.
Christina Haro: Down. I'm like, I'm
Christina Haro: All I remember is you saying
Christina Haro: That shame is an immense feeling a negative experience that I remember the value chain.
Christina Haro: Feeling unworthy.
Christina Haro: feeling sorry for yourself.
Christina Haro: And it could be a start of an addictive behaviors that what you said.
Christina Haro: So my little notes I wrote
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a good notes. So what's the value I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess.
Christina Haro: But to me, the value of shame and I think it's something that you have to let go in order to to move on. Because if not, then I think shame goes along with
Christina Haro: feeling guilty. And then I think you feel like
Christina Haro: You feel like you're not worth anything. You know,
Christina Haro: But, you know, again, that's I'm trying to tell you those those few things that that I tell you that I have been here and I thought of and I hadn't thought about it in a long time, you know, then again, I just thought about it and I was like, you know,
Christina Haro: When that question came up, it was something I said, Oh, I would never tell my kids because, to me that's shameful and that's how I feel, you know, I feel ashamed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, exactly.
Christina Haro: And and then it you know it makes you feel like
Christina Haro: Makes you feel. I don't know the word to me the word that comes to mind for me is that
Christina Haro: Makes me feel dirty makes me feel unworthy me what
Gwenevere Abriel: And I bet.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard to sit with that.
Christina Haro: Yes.
Christina Haro: And I thought about it in a while, but you know you know definitely you know it's probably going to come out because, you know, they get older.
Christina Haro: I look back, let me, let me give you an example. I look back at my mom is she kept a lot of things inside a lot of things she had when she passed away, we
Christina Haro: We found out a lot of things. Mm hmm. And
Christina Haro: I wonder, you know, as many times as we asked her mom, you know, tell us the truth. You know, you're going to go, you know, and she kept saying that it was not too. And I don't know if I shared that with you right that my little sister little sister.
Christina Haro: So I would be the baby and she's really not my sister. We knew that growing up, I only saw her before she passed away. And that was one of the things she kept inside of her I would not tell us the truth.
Christina Haro: Hmm. So I wonder, you know, me being on the other side with that one. I understand because it really bothered us and after she passed away and we we we already knew. But what we really, really found out that it was the truth. It was like, how could you do that. Mom, you know,
Christina Haro: So, me being on the other side with that one. And seeing my mom get that for a while.
Christina Haro: Was very hurtful. Yeah. We're sisters got together and fight so I'm but that was a big one that was a big one. You know, so I understand there's things that I think we should we should let go, we should we should just let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about if you don't let it go. The relationship, the effect that it has on
Gwenevere Abriel: The voice of addiction and I've talked to you guys and I never know who's really heard this, and who hasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: But you have a voice that says normalizes substance use. It's very seductive that rationalizes and said, your. Come on, let's go us again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's a really big network got some history in there. And then there's the authentic self. So, for a moment, I want you to think about if Shane continues to exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: What might happen. What's the relationship between Shane and addictive thinking
Christina Haro: Well, to me, to me, that would be, you know, I just, okay, to me, that would probably be you know make you feel like, oh, you know,
Christina Haro: That, uh, that addiction little boys be telling me, Oh, come on. Let's just go. Let's go do something. Let's feel better about it. Let's go hide it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go hide it. Yeah. You don't need to certainly not talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was a big piece of what that group content was about was the relationship between shame and how it fuels.
Gwenevere Abriel: The justification for addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chemical dependence those that's your biological you know opiate receptors is not something you consciously or even unconsciously this is just a chemical effect of putting a substance in your body. But right now I'm talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: A different part of the brain and
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you, just sort of hear yourself. Tell a story. How does it sound when you say well if I yes I'm going to hold on to this shame and know it will never impact me and my future substance use and no, it's never impacted past substance use. I mean, what's your truth.
Christina Haro: To
Christina Haro: That one thing that I never said
Christina Haro: Has
Christina Haro: Really hasn't come up in my brain. I think other things like what impacted by my there's other things that impacted my addition because I can say there's a third that I can actually separate those two because the things that made me do get into addiction.
Christina Haro: Uh huh. I'm really didn't have anything to do with that little thing that happened in my life.
Christina Haro: Okay, because I think me. It was more
Christina Haro: Me more the relationship stuff that really does.
Christina Haro: roll down the hill really quick.
Christina Haro: Yeah yeah yeah but I understand. I understand we have, you know, in order for you to get on the road of recovery, you have to
Christina Haro: You have to let go of all that, and I understand. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you are an intelligent woman, no doubt.
Christina Haro: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Christina intelligence addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Addiction. It doesn't discriminate on your IQ.
Christina Haro: How much
Gwenevere Abriel: How many cars you have, how much money you earn the biggest house doesn't discriminate
Christina Haro: I know, I know.
Christina Haro: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for this last bit, and you're working very hard to tolerate this. You're doing great. Just for a moment. I want you to picture that one of your, you know, your daughter or your son had the experience of feeling dirty.
Gwenevere Abriel: And unworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hold it for a second, don't run away just stay there present that one of your children had that experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling unworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something they did or fail to do activated this shame and had to live with it for the rest of their life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And live with it because they wouldn't share it, they wouldn't let it go, as you put it, right, because to share it is to extinguish the shame, actually. So just picture. And do you have one of your children in mind that you're kind of envisioning that maybe has
Gwenevere Abriel: Has that
Christina Haro: Yeah.
Christina Haro: Yeah, well, my oldest daughter. She's done a lot of stuff. If I were to tell you the things she's done. You'd be like, Oh my God, yeah, she's done some pretty horrible disgusting things
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it something that your
Gwenevere Abriel: Higher Power
Gwenevere Abriel: could forgive
Yeah.
Christina Haro: I had to. I had, we had to, well, you know, I don't know. My other kids. Forgive her, but you know, I, I've been able to you know put it past me and say, well, you know,
Christina Haro: SHE'S NOT OKAY. WELL, BECAUSE I'VE ALWAYS TOLD THIS JUST JUST JUST NOT MENTALLY okay but you know I
Christina Haro: I don't think. But see, in her case. I don't think I'm the one that should be able to forgive her because the things she did. She has
Christina Haro: She's gonna have to forgive yourself, sooner or later, because if she gets all this is going to realize what she really did, you know, but I understand where what you're saying, I don't think my other kids. Forgive her, she did some
Christina Haro: Or horrible disgusting things
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Christina Haro: And I think they judge her. The way I see it, you know me standing here and with all this and with my daughter. They judge her and to this day they judge
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Do you remember what I asked, which was, Do you believe
Gwenevere Abriel: That the god is you know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: can forgive and love her.
Yes.
Christina Haro: And I believe, and I believe my God, forgive me, and
Christina Haro: I've actually
Christina Haro: I've actually talked to my, you know,
Christina Haro: My God, all the stuff I've done you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I
Christina Haro: Think you know
Christina Haro: To me at that time and I talked about it with God. And I would go to church and I hope I didn't forget, forgive me for what I did. You know, I just think, okay, you know, I talked to him about it, you know, somebody will forgive me for what I did.
Christina Haro: But that's another thing you know me looking at me looking at the way
Christina Haro: They judged her. I just, you know, I'm like, whew, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so go you know how you said you know so what you want to do is want to finish that you're almost there. Christina you're working very hard. Okay, I know this is uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this distinguishing between the two is pretty important. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tracks that all the way through. When I look, you got to use your own words, your own truth when I think about how my other kids judge my oldest daughter makes me think about my own behaviors, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, tell me.
Christina Haro: Makes me feel that if I were to talk about those things that I've done in my life. They would probably did probably think, oh, maybe that's why she's like that.
Christina Haro: That's how I
Christina Haro: You know, I don't know. I don't know, you know,
Christina Haro: They've never given me they've never they've we've had, I tell you, with the kids. I have here.
Christina Haro: We were really open about stuff. And we talked, we all talk about different things, you know, my, my oldest son has shared stuff that we look at him like, Whoa, you know,
Christina Haro: And he says your mom, you know, I've done this and that we've all shared stuff and they never given me. They never made me feel like they would even to me like that. Or they would even say, Oh my God, or even shut me out. You know, I don't feel like they would
Christina Haro: But then again, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the worst thing they could do is shut you out.
Christina Haro: Probably, but I don't think that would happen. I don't think that would happen.
Christina Haro: I'm pretty sure it wouldn't. I just think that I would have to be
Christina Haro: comfortable enough to actually talk about stuff if you know things because you know we've all got together and decided we all get together and say here in park and then one of them will ask the question, you know.
Christina Haro: They'll ask the question, and we we played games or we actually say, oh, what's the worst thing you've ever done, you know,
Christina Haro: Which of course they've probably never told me the worst thing they've ever done, but
Christina Haro: But, you know, of course, there's things. I wouldn't share
Christina Haro: But compare monetize. Let me share this compared to what I hold inside and compared to what my oldest daughter has done.
Christina Haro: Hers really takes the cake.
Christina Haro: It's back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold up for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your mind, whether it's rational or irrational, deep down, do you see some
Gwenevere Abriel: Blame on yourself for what your older daughter did you blame yourself in some way, some sort of wild abstract way do you blame yourself.
No.
Christina Haro: I never connected. I actually sold served I've
Christina Haro: You know, talk to God about stuff if thought about the anti to actually come up with the reason why my older daughter is the way she is and I'm never blinked myself.
Christina Haro: I've never ever I've thought, God, you know, maybe I did go wrong, but then I look back at it, and I'm like, No, I know I didn't because
Christina Haro: You know, the things that she's done are really bad and I know I had nothing to do with it.
Christina Haro: I don't feel like it's me. I really don't. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, you went, you went pretty intense into these concepts of guilt and shame today very impressed you hung in there. It's not an easy thing to do to
Gwenevere Abriel: To take a look at what's keeping keeping you from sharing something, but I'll continue to to promote this idea all through this week, which has to do with making the switch from Shane.
Gwenevere Abriel: To just responsibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because taking responsibility means
Gwenevere Abriel: We take all the fuel all the gasoline away from the the addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's exciting.
Christina Haro: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing that can come in and hook you oh my gosh, I just saw this horrible thing happened. I just remember this horrible thing. I can't tolerate this in myself. Why then it becomes very convenient to want to reach out and now now.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. You did good, my lady. So let's um let's meet again on a Monday and I'll get to see you on Friday. Is there any medication attached to today. Are you just good to go.
Christina Haro: No, I'm good to go.
Okay.
Christina Haro: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll see you Monday also obviously this Friday. But then, February 17 at seven.
Christina Haro: The usual yes
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll go back in and we'll do a little bit more of the processing with the FDR. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay.
Christina Haro: Yeah, great. Bye bye.